Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Christmas comes but once a year.
For every girl and boy.
The laughter and the joy.
They find in each new toy
I'll tell you of a little boy.
Who lives across the way.
This little fella's Christmas.
Is just another day.
It was just before dawn.
One miserable morning.
In black '44.
When the forward commander
was told to sit tight.
When he asked that
his men be withdrawn.
And the generals gave thanks.
As the other ranks.
Held back the enemy tanks.
For a while.
And the Anzio bridgehead.
Was held for the price.
Of a few hundred ordinary lives.
He's the little boy.
That Santa Claus forgot.
And Goodness knows.
He didn't want a lot.
He sent a note to Santa.
For some soldiers and a drum.
It broke his little heart.
When he found Santa hadn't come.
In the street he envies.
All those lucky boys.
So ya thought ya.
Might like to.
Go to the show.
To feel the warm thrill
of confusion.
That space cadet glow.
Tell me. is something
eluding you. sunshine.
Is this not what
you expected to see.
If you wanna find out
what's behind these cold eyes.
You'll just have to
claw your way through this disguise.
Mama loves her baby.
And Daddy loves you too.
And the sea may look
warm to you. babe.
And the sky may look blue.
Ooh. ooh. ooh.
Ooh. babe.
Baby blue.
Ooh. ooh. ooh.
Ooh. ooh. babe.
If you should go skating.
On the thin ice of modern life.
Dragging behind you.
The silent reproach.
Of a million tear-stained eyes.
Don't be surprised.
When a crack in the ice.
Appears under your feet.
You slip out of your depth
and out of your mind.
With you fear
flowing out behind you.
As you claw the thin ice.
Daddy's flown across the ocean.
Leaving just a memory.
A snapshot in the family album.
Daddy. what else
did you leave for me.
Daddy. what'd ya leave behind for me.
All in all it was.
Just a brick in the wall.
All in all it was all
just bricks in the wall.
Easy. Be careful.
- What?
- Will you put me on there?
- Well. where's your mother. then?
- She's gone to the shops.
Yes. all right.
How's that then? Enjoying it?
Lovely. lovely.
Now off you go.
Go on.
Now what have I told you about this?
What have I told you?
Go on. go on now. Sling your hook.
Go on. Sling your hook.
And kind old King George.
Sent Mother a note.
When he heard that Father was gone.
It was. I recall.
In the form of a scroll.
Gold leaf and all.
And I found it one day.
In a drawer of old photographs.
Hidden away.
And my eyes still grow damp
to remember.
His Majesty signed.
With his own rubber stamp.
It was dark all around.
There was frost in the ground.
When the tigers broke free.
And no one survived.
From the Royal Fusiliers Company C.
They were all left behind.
Most of them dead.
The rest of them dying.
And that's how the high command.
Took my daddy from me.
Did you see the frightened ones.
Did you hear the falling bombs.
Did you ever wonder why
we had to run for shelter.
When the promise of a brave new world
unfurled beneath the clear blue sky.
Did you see the frightened ones.
Did you hear the falling bombs.
The flames are all long gone
but the pain lingers on.
Good-bye.
Blue sky.
Good-bye. blue sky.
Good-bye.
Wait for me. Pinky.
you rotten bleeder.
- They're my bullets. ain't they?
- I don't know.
Come on. Tubs.
It's great down in the tunnel.
Don't you think
it'd be dangerous. Pinky?
No. Don't be daft.
- You all right. Tubs?
- Yeah. Hurt me knee a bit.
- Come on.
- Na. It's too dangerous.
- We'll wait for the train.
- Give me the torch.
Pinky! Here comes the train!
Get off the line.
you bloody idiot! Here it comes!
Pinky. get off the line!
Here it comes!
You!
You! Yes. you!
Stand still. laddie!
When we grew up and went to school.
There were certain teachers who would
hurt the children anyway they could.
By pouring their derision
upon anything we did.
Exposing every weakness.
However carefully hidden
by the kids.
What have we here. laddie?
Mysterious scribblings?
A secret code?
No. Poems. no less.
Poems. everybody!
The lad here reckons himself
a poet.
"Money. get back.
I'm all right. Jack.
Keep your hands off my stack.
New car. caviar.
four-star daydream.
Think I'll buy me
a football team."
Absolute rubbish. laddie!
Get on with your work.
Repeat after me:
An acre is the area
of a rectangle...
whose length is one furlong...
and whose width is one chain.
But in this town it was well known.
When they got home at night
their fat and psychopathic wives.
Would thrash them
within inches of their lives.
We don't need no education.
We don't need no thought control.
No dark sarcasm in the classroom.
Teacher. leave them kids alone.
Hey. teacher. leave them kids alone.
All in all it's just
another brick in the wall.
Wrong! Do it again!
All in all you're just
another brick in the wall.
We don't need no education.
If you don't eat your meat.
you can't have any pudding!
We don't need no thought control.
How can you have any pudding
if you don't eat your meat?
No dark sarcasm in the classroom.
You! Yes. you. laddie!
Poems. everybody.
The lad here reckons himself a poet.
Teachers. leave them kids alone.
Hey. teacher. leave those kids alone.
All in all you're just
another brick in the wall.
We don't need no education.
No dark sarcasm in the classroom.
Again. An acre is the area
of a rectangle...
whose length is one furlong...
and whose width is one chain.
Mother. do you think
they'll drop the bomb.
they'll like the song.
Mother. do you think
they'll try to break my balls.
Mother. should I build the wall.
Mother. should I run for president.
Mother. should I trust the government.
Mother. will they put me
in the firing line.
Mother. am I really dying.
Hush now. baby. baby
don't you cry.
Mama's gonna make all of
your nightmares come true.
Mama's gonna put
all of her fears into you.
Mama's gonna keep you
right here under her wing.
She won't let you fly
but she might let you sing.
Mama's gonna keep baby cozy and warm.
Ooooh. babe.
Ooh. babe. of course
Mama's gonna help build the wall.
Hello. Hello.
Is there anybody in there?
Do you remember me?
I'm the one
from the Registry Office.
Mother. do you think
she's good enough.
For me.
And. Mother
do you think she's dangerous.
To me.
Mother. will she tear
your little boy apart.
Ooooh. Ma.
Mother. will she break my heart.
Hush now. baby. baby
don't you cry.
Mama's gonna check out
all your girlfriends for you.
Mama won't let anyone
dirty get through.
Mama's gonna wait up
until you get in.
Mama will always find out
where you've been.
Mama's gonna keep baby
healthy and clean.
Oooh. babe.
Ooh. babe
You'll always be baby to me.
Mother. did it need to be so high.
- Hello?
- Yes. a collect call...
for Mrs. Floyd from Mr. Floyd.
Will you accept the charge
from the United States?
I wonder why he hung up. Is there
supposed to be someone else there...
besides your wife. sir.
to answer?
- Hello?
- This is United States calling.
Are we reaching-
See. he keeps hanging up.
and it's a man answering.
What shall we use.
To fill.
The empty spaces.
Where waves.
Of hunger.
Roar.
Shall we set out across.
This sea.
Of faces.
In search of more.
And more applause.
Shall we buy a new guitar.
Shall we drive
a more powerful car.
Shall we work
straight through the night.
Shall we get into fights.
Leave the lights on Drop bombs.
Do tours of the East
Contract diseases
Bury bones Break up homes.
Send flowers by phone.
Take to drink Go to shrinks.
Give up meat Rarely sleep.
Keep people as pets.
Train dogs Race rats.
Fill the attic with cash
Bury treasure Store up leisure.
But never relax at all.
With our backs to the wall.
I am just a new boy.
A stranger in this town.
Where are all the good times.
Who's gonna show this stranger around.
Ooooh
I need a dirty woman.
I need a dirty girl.
Will some woman in this desert land.
Make me feel like a real man.
Take this rock and roll refugee.
Ooh. babe. set me free.
Ooooh
I need a dirty woman.
I need a dirty girl.
Ooooh
I need a dirty woman.
I need a dirty girl.
Oh. my God.
What a fabulous room.
Are all these your guitars?
God.
This place is bigger
than our whole apartment.
You like the tube. huh?
Can I get a drink of water?
Can I get you a drink of water?
Oh. wow. look at this tub!
Wanna take a bath?
What are you watching?
Hello? Hello?
You feeling okay?
Day after day.
Love turns grey.
Like the skin of a dying man.
And night after night.
We pretend it's all right.
But I have grown older.
And you have grown colder.
And nothing is very much fun any more.
And I can feel.
One of my turns coming on.
I
Feel.
Cold as a razor blade.
Tight as a tourniquet.
Dry as a funeral drum.
Run to the bedroom.
In the suitcase on the left
you'll find my favourite axe.
Don't look so frightened
This is just a passing phase.
One of my bad days.
Would you like to watch TV.
Or get between the sheets
Or contemplate the silent freeway.
Would you like something to eat.
Would you like to learn to fly.
Would ya
Would you like to see me try.
Would you like to call the cops.
- Do you think it's time I stopped.
- Next time. fuckers!
Why are you running away.
Oooh. babe.
Don't leave me now.
How could you go.
When you know how I need you.
To beat to a pulp
on a Saturday night.
Oh. babe.
Don't leave me now.
How can you treat me this way.
Running away.
Ooh. babe.
Why are you running away.
Oooh. babe.
I don't need no arms around me.
And I don't need
no drugs to calm me.
I have seen the writing on the wall.
Don't think I need anything at all.
No.
All and all it was all
just bricks in the wall.
All and all you were all
Good-bye. cruel world
I'm leaving you today.
Good-bye. good-bye.
Good-bye.
Good-bye. all you people.
There's nothing you can say.
To make me change my mind.
Good-bye.
Is there anybody out there.
I've got a little black book
with my poems in.
Got a bag with a toothbrush
and a comb in.
When I'm a good dog
they sometimes throw me a bone in.
I got elastic bands
keeping my shoes on.
Got those swollen-hand blues
I've got 13 channels of shit
on the TV to choose from.
I've got electric light.
And I've got second sight
I've got amazing powers
of observation.
And that is how I know.
When I try to get through.
On the telephone to you.
There'll be nobody home.
I got the obligatory Hendrix perm.
And the inevitable pinhole burns.
All down the front
of my favourite satin shirt.
I've got nicotine stains
on my fingers
I've got a silver spoon on a chain.
Got a grand piano
to prop up my mortal remains.
I got wild staring eyes.
And I got a strong urge to fly.
But I got nowhere to fly to.
Oooh. babe.
When I pick up the phone.
There's still nobody home.
I've got a pair of Gohills boots.
And I got fading roots.
Does anybody here
remember Vera Lynn.
Remember how she said.
That we would meet again.
Some sunny day.
Vera.
What has become of you.
Does anybody else in here.
Feel the way I do.
Bring the boys back home.
Don't leave the children.
On their own. no. no.
Bring the boys back home.
Don't leave the children.
On their own. no. no.
Bring the boys back home.
Bad! Do it again!
You feeling okay?
Is there anybody out there.
Fuck me.
He's gone completely around
the bleeding' twist.
You vicious bastard.
you never did like me. did you?
Hello.
Is there anybody in there.
Just nod if you can hear me.
Is there anyone at home.
Come on. now
I hear you're feeling down.
Well. I can ease your pain.
- And get you on your feet again.
- The boy's an asthmatic.
- Asthmatic!?
- Relax
- I'll need some information first.
- He's an artist!
Just the basic facts.
Can you show me where it hurts.
There is no pain
you are receding.
A distant ship smoke
on the horizon.
You are only coming through in waves.
Your lips move.
But I can't hear what you're saying.
When I was a child
I had a fever.
My hands felt just like two balloons.
Now I've got that feeling once again
I can't explain
you would not understand.
This is not how I am.
I
Have become comfortably numb.
Okay.
Just a little pinprick.
There'll be no more Ah.
But you may feel a little sick.
Can you stand up
I do believe it's working.
- Good.
- He's coming around.
- That'll keep you going through the show.
- There. you see?
- Come on. it's time to go.
- How do you feel?
There is no pain
you are receding.
A distant ship smoke
on the horizon.
You are only coming through in waves.
Your lips move.
But I can't hear what you're saying.
When I was a child
I caught a fleeting glimpse.
Out of the corner of my eye.
I turned to look but it was gone
I cannot put my finger on it now.
The child is grown
The dream is gone.
I
Have become comfortably numb.
So ya thought ya.
Might like to go to the show.
To feel the warm thrill
of confusion.
That space cadet glow.
I got some bad news for you. sunshine.
Pink isn't well
He's. uh. back at the hotel.
And they sent us along
as a surrogate band.
Now tonight. we 're gonna find out
where you fans really stand.
Are there any queers
in the audience tonight.
- Get 'em up against the wall.
- Against the wall.
There's one in the spotlight
he don't look right.
- Have him up against the wall.
- Against the wall.
And that one looks Jewish
And that one's a coon.
Who let all this riff raff
into the room.
There's one smoking a joint.
And that one's got spots.
If I had my way
I'd have all of you shot.
Run. run. run. run.
You better make your face up
in your favourite disguise.
With your button-down lips
and your roller-blind eyes.
With your empty smile
and your hungry heart.
Feel the bile rising
from your guilty past.
With your nerves in tatters
as the cockleshell shatters.
And the hammers batter down your door.
You better run run. run. run.
Run. run. run. run.
You better run all day
and run all night.
Keep your dirty feelings deep inside.
And if you're taking
your girlfriend out tonight.
You'd better park the car
well out of sight.
'Cause if they catch you in
the back seat trying to pick her locks.
They're gonna send you back to Mother
in a cardboard box.
You better run.
You cannot reach me now.
No matter how you try.
Good-bye. cruel world.
It's over.
Walk on by.
Waiting.
- To cut out the dead wood.
- Waiting.
- To weed out the weaklings.
To smash in their windows
and kick in their doors.
Waiting - For the final
solution to strengthen the strain.
- Waiting.
- To follow the worms.
- Would you like to see.
Britannia rule again.
My friend.
All you need to do
is follow the worms.
Hammer! Hammer!
Hammer! Hammer! Hammer!
Stop!
Stop.
I wanna go home.
Take off this uniform
and leave the show.
But I'm waiting in this cell.
Because I have to know.
Have I been.
Have I been guilty all this time.
Good morning. Worm. Your Honour.
The crown will plainly show.
The prisoner who now stands before you.
Was caught red-handed showing feelings.
Showing feelings
of an almost human nature.
This will not do.
Call the schoolmaster
I always said he'd come to no good.
In the end. Your Honour.
If they'd let me have my way
I could have flayed him into shape.
But my hands were tied.
The bleeding hearts and artists.
Let him get away with murder.
Let me hammer him today.
Crazy.
Toys in the attic I am crazy.
Truly gone fishing.
They must have taken my marbles away.
Crazy.
Toys in the attic He is crazy.
You little shit You're in it now
I hope they throw away the key.
You should've talked to me
more often than you did.
But no
You had to go your own way.
Have you broken
any homes up lately.
Just five minutes. Worm. Your Honour.
Him and me alone.
Babe.
Come to Mother. baby.
Let me hold you in my arms.
My Lord. I never wanted him
to get in any trouble.
Why did he ever have to leave me.
Worm. Your Honour
let me take him home.
Crazy.
Over the rainbow I'm crazy.
Bars in the window.
There must have been a door there
in the wall.
- When I came in.
- Crazy.
Over the rainbow He is crazy.
The evidence before the court
is incontrovertible.
There's no need
for the jury to retire.
In all my years of judging
I have never heard before.
Of someone more deserving.
The full penalty of law.
The way you made them suffer.
Your exquisite wife and mother.
Fills me with the urge to defecate.
Since. my friend
you have revealed your deepest fear
I sentence you to be exposed.
Before your peers.
Tear down the wall.
All alone.
Or in two's.
The ones who really love you.
Walk up and down.
Outside the wall.
Some hand in hand.
Some gathered together in bands.
The bleeding hearts
and the artists.
Make their stand.
And when they've given you their all.
Some stagger and fall.
After all. it's not easy.
Banging your heart.
Against some mad bugger's wall.
When they've given you their all.
Some stagger and fall.
After all. it's not easy
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today